Create content for membership and members section (#21)
EclipseFdn/asciidoc-wg.eclipse.org: content/membership/members/guillaume-grossetie.adoc

---
date: "2021-02-11T08:31:18-04:00"
title: "Guillaume Grossetie"
gravatar: "86ad5b374dd2bf203adaf7f7a9a5a0a8" # gravatar ID, derived from email address
member_type: "individualcommitter"
user_id: 14450
more_url: "https://github.com/Mogztter"
---

// description is taken from nomination for steering group committee
Guillaume is an enthusiastic software developer with over a decade of experience in the field
with a strong Java background. He is curious about and loves to learn new languages, tools,
and techniques.

In recent years, he has worked in a wide range of projects using a variety of programming
languages: Java, Scala, Kotlin, JavaScript, Ruby, Go, Python. Guillaume contributes to many

> open-source projects and has been an active member of the Asciidoctor community for 7+ years.

Reviewer: It's probably better to say since "year"... otherwise it will get outdated 😓 

```suggestion
open-source projects and has been an active member of the Asciidoctor community since 2013.
```
